[Speaker 1] Hello everyone, and welcome to our session today.
[Speaker 2] Thank you for having us. We're excited to be here.
[Speaker 1] Let's dive right in. Our first topic is the new project roadmap.
[Speaker 3] I’ll provide an overview of the project milestones and deliverables.
[Speaker 2] And I’ll discuss the team’s role in achieving these goals.
[Speaker 1] Sounds good. Let’s start with the roadmap.
[Speaker 3] The first milestone is the initial project kickoff.
[Speaker 2] Followed by the completion of the design phase.
[Speaker 1] We anticipate completing the design phase by the end of this quarter.
[Speaker 3] After that, we’ll move on to the development phase.
[Speaker 2] We’re looking forward to the development phase and the challenges it will bring.
[Speaker 1] Great, any questions about the roadmap so far?
[Speaker 2] None from my side.
[Speaker 3] Everything looks clear on my end too.